hello everybody I have an announcement
the podcast is moving to Spotify I
signed a multi-year licensing agreement
with Spotify that will start on
September 1st starting on September 1st
the entire JRE library will be available
on Spotify as well as all the other
platforms then somewhere around the end
of the year it will become exclusive to
Spotify including the video version of
the podcast it will be the exact same
show I am NOT going to be an employee of
Spotify we're gonna be working on the
same crew doing the exact same show the
only difference will be it will now be
available on the largest audio platform
in the world nothing else will change it
will be free it'll be free to you you
just have to go to Spotify to get it
we're very excited to begin this new
chapter of the JRE and I hope you're
there when we cross over Thanks
all right we're rolling Patton Oswalt
how are you fellas I'm good how are you
doing man it's good to see you I wish I
saw you right here I wish I could give
you a hug I wish we weren't in the
plague but no it is weird it is very
weird I've been trying to do your show
you know this for so long my schedule is
always insane the drive for me is
restrictive because I'm usually shooting
something or doing voiceover it's
something so it it took a plague I know
we see each other like ships passing in
the night The Comedy Store that's my
relationship with you exactly I see you
in the parking lot going in or I'm going
in you're coming out something worth God
how much do you miss just the car just
going in with a notebook of stuff and
just trying it out see if it works
it's making me appreciate everything you
know though yeah the downside of it I
mean I can look at the negative yes I
miss it yes I'm frustrated but the
positive side of it I appreciate
everything
I appreciate comics I appreciate just be
able to talk to you I appreciate the
beat just having my friends that I can
communicate with and just talk and shit
to each other and make each other laugh
and saying horrible things over text
messages I appreciate that I appreciate
that if this comes back if we get to do
stand-up again ever I just feel like
comedians going to be
much more social and just happy to be
with each other and appreciate the being
around people where you can run jokes
and they're honest enough either tag
something brilliant or tell you dude I
know you funny it's so lame don't run
down that road like I pissed that so
because I I'm trying to sit down and
write everyday I don't know what your
process is my process is to write
general ideas and then work them out on
stage and then work them out with
friends just sitting and actually
writing it no matter how detailed I make
it I don't know if it's funny or not til
I get it up there yeah it's a weird
disconnect isn't it yeah my process is
very similar I write like an essay form
and then I extract stuff out of that I
turn that into bits that's my work
occasionally I don't write it at all
occasionally an idea just comes and I
start going with it and then I build it
up on stage that's rare though most of
the time it comes from an essay yeah and
I also I
I miss the deleting of stuff where you
write something down or you have to in
your mind is awesome and you go up on
stage at the beginning parts great and
the end parts great you're like this
whole middle section I thought I was
gonna be joy Carlin and it's just I
could lose all of that this bit and this
bit and that's what it is yeah it's a
weird art form were where I think the
only art form that I'm aware of that you
must have an audience in order to fully
create it you can't just hide it created
in a vacuum
no and I logged on to some early zoom
open mics to watch them I I logged on
hopefully thinking maybe they'll be and
I five minutes and I'm like this is - oh
god it's a powerful thing like it's open
up for you doesn't it like when you
watch someone who's really terrible it
makes you think I'm never nothing's
funny I can't do comedy it doesn't exist
or you watch someone who you know is
great but they're trying it over zoom
and they said about this dry talking 90
miles now and you're like maybe cut
maybe we shouldn't be doing this like
it's and people are gonna record those
sets - those those things you gotta be
recorded
are you you have a mix of people coming
in live in person with you and then
people doing it over remote right yes
yes
most people coming in live and I test
all those people they come in they get
the test yeah but if you get the testing
you're negative you can still get it
right well you could get it right after
you walk out the door Ryan it really
depends on what your being in contact
with and what you're doing if you're
smart but right you know thankfully
everyone's honest like they don't know
one said hey I don't feel so good maybe
I shouldn't do this that would be weird
you know lucky everybody's been negative
but we tested a lot of people dan who is
Tim Dylan's producer he had a false
positive and so we had to give him a
second test and we gave him a nose swab
and turned out he was negative but it's
it's if he stuff you know it's until we
really can tell and then what are you
gonna give up for them to know are you
gonna give up contact tracing are you
are you willing to do that
you really think willing to have
something on your phone that shows who
you've been in contact with and who your
phone has come near and whether or not
they're negative or positive like ooh
that's a slippery slope and also are
there ways and this is again I know so
little about it on a testing level are
there ways if you get tested that they
can go oh you actually had it and you
recovered from it yes yes those two yeah
yeah there's two different when you do
an antibodies test there's one line that
shows where whether it's an active virus
and there's another one that shows that
it's just and the antibodies of a virus
that you got and recovered from and a
lot of people that recover from it
apparently they didn't even know they
had it they had no idea they had it yeah
I had I have a couple of friends who
were convinced they had it back in
January they had every symptom that they
talked about and and they just thought
oh well it's flu season I've got a
shitty flu and they recovered and probe
but they don't want to go out and get
tested right now because they don't want
to go out so you know the friend be like
I add it though everybody thinks that
everybody thinks but here's the thing
like all the old colds
still around like the common cold the
flu all that stuff still around the flu
is different every year still around
it's like you you most likely didn't
have it and you know yeah it's it's
obviously a really fucked up disease if
it gets you if it really gets you it's
really fucked up and it's it varies so
much it's so hard to feel confident one
way or another it's so hard like
vacillate I go back and forth all day
long like there's parts of my day where
I'm not worried about it at all and
there's parts of my day where I'm like
fuck what if this mutates you know right
or what if I just did something that I
thought was safe and but now I've met
the new strain and in two weeks ago
remember how we told you to do this you
actually need to be doing and it was and
also I think that puts me out is they
don't know what the long-term
after-effects are for this even if you
recover from it they're thinking that
there could be long term bronchial
issues respiratory issues they don't
know yet yeah they really have no idea I
was reading about this article in The
Times today about children that get it
get a particular type of inflammatory
disorder that's causing one kid was like
14 years old he got heart failure it's
very rare that all the people that have
gotten it it's like less than 200 people
have got this disorder most children
when they come in contact with this
disease don't have an issue but some of
them do in this one particular kid
basically was 14 he was having heart
failure and they don't know why they
don't know like it's not necessary to
take it was just a respiratory disease
and now they're like well what is this
so it's like these are new things
they're trying to figure out as they go
along again we're talking about this now
because we're going through this I just
feel like and again I don't like to
predict the future if we do get to go
back doing comedy I just feel like I'll
never talk about this on States the last
thing people are gonna want to see on
stage is my funny koban story which is
gonna be just a variation on everyone's
funny kovin story so there's no real you
know I'm not gonna inflict that on an
audience once you go up 10th at the
store on a Wednesday night it's covered
bro someone has discovered it way better
than you move on let's move on yeah I
think that's one of those things it's
gonna be a real problem for comics you
know I mean yeah I hear what you're
saying but on the other hand someone
will come along like a towel or someone
will come along you have the perfect
take on it and you're like oh well there
it is
or on the other end of the spectrum like
Joey Diaz will come up and do the rawest
most personal uncomfortable but also
brilliant take where you're like where
you might actually have a unique story
but after hearing Joey's like yeah I
don't need to share mine that's exactly
right yeah that one's gonna have a crazy
story that you're gonna go well I don't
know yeah someone will nail it yeah and
hopefully someone who's I think first
dibs go to people who caught it yeah let
them yeah if a comedian actually gets it
maybe they get to do the big bird yeah
like Michael yo Michael yo almost died I
didn't know that oh yeah he got a real
pal yeah he actually was here in studio
the week before he went to New York he
was run burning the candle at both ends
flies to New York with no sleep does
radio does all the promo shows does
everything does stand-up at Gotham flies
back with no sleep drives the next day
to Vegas and home from Vegas in the same
day with his family
kids screaming then he has auditions for
the next two days stressed out burnt out
boom then it hits him and when he hit
him it was he felt like shit then his
friend while he was suffering one of his
friends who was a doctor told him to
take Advil cuz he said he had a headache
because he gets migraines he takes a
pill boom it goes off the deep end
and then he gets it real bad and he was
in the hospital for a week and the
doctor you know they were talking about
putting him on a ventilator this is the
early days of the disease very early
this is like beginning of March I think
end of February end of February
beginning of March I think somewhere
around there but early early when they
didn't really know his doctors wise
says if we put him on a ventilator his
heart is just gonna his lungs we're just
gonna give up and he could die so they
don't put him on a ventilator then it
turns out in New York City and they
don't know this is a correlation or
causation obviously but 80% of the
people they put on the ventilators wound
up dying and his doctor yes yeah yeah
could be that they wound up dying
because they were so far gone they were
going to die anyway could be right they
were going to die because of what this
doctor said because if you put people on
a ventilator when their their lungs are
you working and then the lungs don't
have to work anymore
they give up that's what his doctor was
essentially saying was going to happen
to him if they put him on the ventilator
so they didn't put him on it they put
him on that hydroxychloroquine shit and
didn't he didn't react well to it if it
made him feel worse so he got off of
that and then slowly got back to feeling
better and better and to this day he's
been out of the hospital I think a month
and he can only do like two chin-ups
he's a really strong active like like
really healthy guy normally he could
only do like two chin-ups
he's listless as very little energy just
feel still feels like he's still
struggling he came in he looked great he
looked totally normal I would not know
if he didn't tell me but he still feels
like he's got fatigue yeah I mean I'm
sure the body battling that it's like
okay you need to shut down yes we can
build you back up you cannot go back to
whatever your regimen is let yourself
wind down another thing he had was a
vitamin D deficiency and I didn't know
about that until after I did a podcast
with dr. Rhonda Patrick and she was
talking about studies that have been
done in New Orleans and Indonesia and
several different studies one of the
things they've shown is the people that
are in critical care are in the ICU
there's a large percentage in some cases
over 80% of them are vitamin D deficient
versus the people who have sufficient
levels of serum vitamin C vitamin D in
their in their body those people it's
less than 5% so it was four percent of
them that were in the ICU the people
with sufficient vitamin D and more than
80% of people with deficient and vitamin
D is not just a vitamin apparently
according to her it's actually a hormone
and it regulates many things in the body
and most people are deficient from it
and in the nut United States more than
70% of people have insufficient levels
of vitamin D and 29% are deficient to
the point where it actually can cause
medical issues really my doctors is like
take here you take this vitamin D every
day walk it son that's not that's way
the best ways the Sun it's number one
yeah but if you can't get in the Sun all
the time vitamin D supplements do work
you know I've seen people argue this
like you really the best way supplements
are bullshit like no they're not they're
there okay
they're just not as good as the Sun
don't be stupid like look I've get my
blood tested I take vitamins and I find
out what my serum levels are that it
works you take vitamin D you get higher
levels it's really simple the Sun is for
sure better though
no one's gonna argue that but for black
folks it's even harder because you know
their their bodies are designed with all
that melanin to observe you know they
evolved in different climates and for
anybody brown anybody who's got a darker
skin they're used to warmer climates so
they're out in the Sun all the time so
the body's protecting itself from cancer
with the melanin but unfortunately it
also prevents you from absorbing vitamin
D as easily that's why people that live
in places where it's really fucking
cloudy or super pale because they're
basically like a like a like like a
solar panel provide me just lucky as
much in you know so it's tricky for
everybody but it's particularly trick or
a trickier for people with tan skin or
darker skin like you got to get that
vitamin D and it's so important and it's
one of many factors that they think or
is that play with people to get really
sick from this disease vitamin D yeah
well that okay that's another thing time
with the disease it just I reread Guns
Germs and Steel about the Spanish flu
and the way that disease is you know
rewire and reboot your body to benefit
themselves up it's just it seems like
we're just making the same mistakes at
the beginning of the Spanish flu
epidemic and that there's going to be an
insane spike which is where all of the
real death and destruction happened with
that if that spike is coming because of
all of these half-measures and all of
these
wearing a mask um you know like that
defiant I'm going out and put you know
and we're just we have to brace
ourselves for this other spike that's
coming in but also what could happen is
we could get an education on how to
boost your immune system I mean one of
the things that's really driving me
crazy about this is there's nothing
proactive about what we're being asked
to do everyone's being asked to shelter
in place but somehow another it's okay
to go to the grocery store it's okay to
go to Target it's okay to go to a lot of
places but it's not okay to go to some
places and I feel like people need to
have the ability to take their own
chances and need to have the ability to
protect themselves like you need to give
people the opportunity to work
especially in in situations where you
know you're dealing with people who
they're their entire life could fall
apart over these couple of months where
you tell them they can't work and there
is there is a way to test people there
is a way to sanitize there is a way to
be safe there is a way to be smart about
this there is a way to keep your immune
system strong and we're only looking at
keep-away we're not looking at the whole
spectrum of possibilities that we can do
here to move on I obviously everyone
anyone could be should be allowed to
take their own risks except that in this
case in this scenario you taking your
own risks tips other people who might
not want to take that risk
into those areas and I absolutely
understand that someone's life can fall
apart in two months if they don't work
that's you know I think that's more of a
symptom of their not being the social
station that that we have to have out
there for these kind of situations we're
sort of seeing that in a very stark way
but what I'm saying is if we don't
follow these harsh because the other the
other scary thing about the Spanish flu
is it kind of the wreath the way we got
over it is it kind of when it kind of
just burned itself out and we need to
burn it out of the population that way
and it sucks that that's right now the
only way we have to do it because we
clearly don't have the testing capacity
that no it's so weird I don't know it's
like everything you say is right but we
don't have the stuff to implement what
you're saying
like it's so frustrating well we don't
have the stuff to implement
what I'm saying right now but we do have
we do have the information as far as
like things you can do to boost your
immune system make sure you get better
sleep don't eat this don't do that but
then you've got people that look you how
many kids relied on school for food and
it's a huge problem right now that's a
giant problem because there's a lot of
poor kids who literally relied on school
in order to get their meals in and now
their family has to scramble and figure
out how to come up with more money to
feed these kids when they can't work
like it's it's all madness these kids
relied on school for food they relied on
school for shelter for like a safe space
actually talked to a responsible adult
some of them come from very bad home
situations like yeah and it just again
all we do is cut money for schools yeah
which is where such a big part of the
population is alive because of what the
schools provide and it I don't think it
has to come I don't think it should come
down to a billionaires whim of what they
want to give money to or not or your
local church there should be some kind
of structure so that people can have
some dignity and not have to beg yes and
there's also stress that goes on to the
living under the stigma of oh he's got
to get the free lunch or oh they've got
to get free like they're still we're so
anti poor in this country we treat poor
people like they have a disease or
something are they or that they've done
something wrong and that can really fuck
with kids psychologically growing up it
really can and one thing that I would
hope out of this is the shock of all
being so vulnerable will make people a
little bit more humble and hopefully
hopefully the - some of the flames of
materialism that have gone through our
society during these soft times and
people are just gotten really into shiny
bullshit and just recognize like boy we
live in a very finite state we don't
have much time we have open up reach out
very fragile yeah and we're waking up to
that we we we existed in a Goldilocks
period in this country you know from
essentially a way - from World War two
to here where there's a there's an
Instagram page history and they had this
this really sobering post about imagine
if you were born in the year 1900 and
then it goes on to what would happen by
the time you're X years old the Spanish
flu starts by the time your Y years old
World War two and it just goes on and on
and on and shows how fucking horrific it
was for people who were born a hundred
and twenty years ago we're just we got
lucky we hit a nice sweet spot where the
the waves weren't there it was nice and
yet um it wasn't too hot out and then we
got cocky except that it feels like now
especially Gen Z is repeating a version
of what people born in 1900 went through
because they a lot of them remember oh
my god that was 9/11 and then now this
that they they actually remember a lot
of yeah Australia was on fire this year
started with Australia on fire that's
how we rang in the new year and it's
gotten so much worse
did you ever see the size of the burned
area of Australia it's fucking crazy it
looked it I don't even hear my I think
some people's minds shut down about that
they lost half a billion animals half a
billion and that's going to start
becoming a typical summer's that is
going to become the norm if a radical
drastic change is it made but maybe you
know you were talking about how what if
there was a shift in consciousness in
terms of how knowing how fragile and how
precarious everything is it I think it'd
be really cool if America switch to I
don't mind America flexing its might and
saying we're number one but it would be
so cool if we change that flex to like
the way a small-town gangster flexes and
he goes look at look everyone here if
there's some old lady that's about to
get evicted I pay for it every one of my
everyone in my five blocks has taken
care of like that's the brag yes
he drives a nice car and wears a suit
but it's that brag of my Flex is no one
in this country goes hungry doesn't get
medical care and that's what we flex to
the world
instead of flexing look our billionaires
we have like 20 crazy rich billionaires
it's amazing and like instead of that
the brag should be that no one in
America is is you know in need and is
desperate and is dying that should be
the weird jock flex that'll be cool if
we can shift it back and it's funny you
think we need we need a weird jock flex
but it's it's an interesting motivation
a weird jock flex a a jock flex can be
used for good
you mean like instead of using it
instead of directing it back on yourself
directed outward and make that the thing
like hey you know but could you imagine
if if there was a high school where all
the jocks all the Alpha jocks were bike
no one gets bullied in my high school if
I see any bullying going on shut that
down like what if that was their flex I
bet there's more of that today then
you'd believe oh I bet there's a lot
more than when we were growing up people
are aware of it now well also especially
because I think people are aware that
kind of the nerd fringy weirdo kids tend
to end up running the world so you've
seen it up examples of other guys tend
to run things so yeah we're good yeah
there's definitely that well one thing
that we are realizing from this is that
you know there's a lot of people that
have that libertarian bent let the
market decide you know we need a small
government this and that when something
like this goes down you realize oh you
need structure you need a pandemic
response team you need people to figure
out a way to get food to folks you know
we need that we need a plan like this
can happen again it's very good visit
any third world country after an
earthquake and look at all the crumbled
buildings with no rebar and go do you
really want no building inspectors and
no regulations unlike that what you're
fighting for because it'll all fucking
crumble do you know that argument with
people that stupid libertarian argument
like look my dad's an architect my
stepfather's an architect I grew up on
construction sites you have to have
inspectors if you don't have inspectors
man you're fucked it's like these guys
are these a lot of dirtbags out there
making houses they're bad people they're
cut real lawyers is stealing money and
watering down the cement like
fuck out of here you can't count let the
market decide it takes too long - if you
buy a house it takes years before it
starts fucking up if they do a shitty
job it's like two years in the
inspectors are there to protect the
people that are actually doing it
correctly because a lot of times the
people doing it correctly
I've got to go to subcontract yeah
contractor supply stuff and those people
can be sketchy so if you don't have the
inspector come back going Oh Stu just
ripped you off with substandard cement
oh fuck see because I have that guy's
got 900 things he's got to do every day
yeah so you need the guy in there check
it's about going just doing it so that
your shit doesn't collapse on you well
the world is really complicated and
people love simplistic answers and
simpler than less government answer the
left we don't need cops
we don't need cops you know I'm an
anarchist Oh oh you've never been robbed
I guess you've never been robbed you
never seen this guy with a gun it's the
fucking here you don't need cops of
course we need cops - but what are we
gonna do
all get together and put out the fires
we don't need firemen let's save our tax
money no you need government you need it
yeah it's important it just has to be
effective and good and sometimes like
all systems it has to be tested tested
for flaws and I feel like this
experience has been a great test for our
system and it's flawed it's fucked up
beyond belief especially with like
distribution of food the food supply
chain is like falling apart in front of
our eyes
I know it's 2020 I know nobody planned
for this we plant they plan to make as
much money as possible by selling as
much food as possible every single week
and then they were basically spending
all that money and investing all that
money and distributing all that money
they didn't have enough money for a
couple of months off they don't have
enough money for anything to go sideways
everything has to maintain well that
will weirdly enough that might be
something that comes out of this is what
if people in the private sector start
thinking more like people in show
business or comedians because comedians
act like every day is a rainy day except
for a few idiots that we've seen and I
remember coming up as a comedian I
started comedy as the boom ended so I
was very fortunate when you start 1988
me - yeah 88 where did you start Boston
I started in DC ah
Ian me and dave chappelle went up on the
same night for the first time no shit
that's why he was 14 I was 19 Wow yeah
so then maybe you saw this then at the
end of the boom there were a lot of
comedians that for a time you could be
not great and make a hundred grand a
year because I would claw everywhere and
these guys spent money like I'm gonna
make a hundred grand a year forever like
this will be my base and then suddenly I
was watching headliners getting cars
towed I saw a guy get his house
repossess I came in and goes I know the
place maybe he had to go crash on
someone's apartment because they weren't
and then I was told by a younger guy
whatever you make half of it you don't
have just save it or put it away
pretend like you're making half of what
you're making and live on that that's
how you live in this business that's
very honest which is what I think that's
how the world should be protect as if
there's gonna be this happening again
and save for it it's hard to be a baller
like that though dude if you want to be
ballin if you want to like bleh-bleh if
you want to let everybody know that make
the baller move to do that hey man the
ball man boo yeah thing you have to look
dressed in sackcloth and have you know
shoes made out of rope but I'm saying
dress nice take care of your needs not
you want your needs and then the baller
move is and I'm ready if shit goes south
sounds like somebody has fun what the
fuck you're talking about Patton you
can't know the thing about comedians is
we're all childish childish and
impulsive well sometimes the thing that
makes you very successful in comedy is
to still be in touch with being a child
and being over emotional and over
sensitive to things that's where some of
the best material comes oh for sure yeah
it's like that you can maintain
childhood like childhood instincts or
childish notions while still being a
responsible adult it is possible
you can totally do both yes it can it
can be done like I have a friend and he
doesn't have kids and he said to me goes
I forget sometimes that you're a dad cuz
you're such a fucking child and I'm like
yeah but I'm actually a responsible
father exactly look I still get all
wound up about the new comic book
releases or something just like a
goddamn 20 but then I'm also like Alice
vegetables and then chicken and have a
little bit of mac and cheese but you got
to eat all those first and then whatever
you have you're like there's still that
then you got to be the and I think a lot
of people end up being bad parents
because they don't want to be uncool and
being a good parent means you're kind of
uncool yeah you got to get the mad at
you sometimes you get a set establish
boundaries and yeah it's tricky because
you love them and almost they're like
your little friends but they don't like
can't I just do something like sometimes
my daughter is this cute little trick
she'll ask my wife first and then she'll
say no but then she comes to daddy
because daddy's a big softy and I'm like
I don't see why not
and then she's like dad says it's okay
and then like Alice and Alice used that
so brilliantly where she will cuz
because um my wife Meredith is such a
great mom but she's very she was raised
it would very responsible parents and
very not strict but just like if I say
this will happen she's consistent both
ways if I say we're going to the beach
on Saturday it will happen I will not
flake out if I also say no iPad for a
week you will not see that iPad I won't
flake either way there's always
consistency and I really like so Mike
don't just thank you Mike
I guess so and now although now she to
her well to our credit she's done it so
clumsily then that we whatever she asks
something we text the oh hang on let me
text mommy and I can see in her face
like damn it like knock and I'm like hey
you can't do this to me you know are you
noticing that people are through this
nonsense or at least taking a little bit
better care of their health or
recognizing that this is this is a real
thing they need to invest in have you
noticed that I have noticed I've noticed
it myself that unfortunately a lot of
this
a lot of the lockdown means you got to
eat a lot of processed food because it
lasts longer and you know that's how you
make your your food dollar stretch in a
lot of ways and you see the immediate
effects of not having fresh food and
organic stuff in your diet very very
quickly and yeah but I also especially
hope is that people including me who
again sometimes I forget my fucking
privilege and you go oh this is how
people who don't have a lot of money are
forced to eat and live and maybe make
things better for them and there'll be
less stress and anger and depression
across the spectrum you know 100 percent
yeah I mean that's what you were saying
before about a flex for the whole you
know like we're taking care of that is
that is something that's really missing
in this country in a big way is that we
will spend a lot of money fixing up
other places that we've blown up all
over the world but we'll spend no money
trying to balance out Baltimore or
Southside Chicago or Detroit right it's
like or we will do that we will do it
and sometimes I'm guilty this too we
will do it if there's a photo-op and our
name can be tagged in it in other words
it's that thing it's why I think a lot
of political campaigns get hurt when
celebrities try to do it so instead of
celebrities using their platform
they use their voice in their face so
it's like me first for this person no I
don't even know what they're talking
about but whatever they're talking about
I don't support it yeah without a
problem
right especially if you have someone's
annoying and they're attached to this
presidential Canyon like oh that guy
like whatever I'm supported people now I
try to my platform and not my voice and
I've been ever when I was at I was at
Sundance when they had the woman's March
the day after Trump was inaugurated I
think it was January 21st I was at
Sundance I was a judge on the short film
panel and I begged the organizer so I
was like please please please don't have
the march here in
Park City do not have photos of
celebrities in front of the Vivienne
Westwood outlet in Park City Utah
because all that is going to be fuel for
the other side like amplified the
marches that are happening in Charlotte
in Tuscaloosa because they and that all
those were happening and half of the
marches that got filmed were the ones
where there were celebrities there yeah
I'm a terrible I think we were trying to
do like what are you doing you know no
it drove me crazy it really annoyed me
but and also to annoy me because
sometimes I've been guilty of that you
because we're in this business cause
we're narcissists and so far is I want
it to be me supporting this person
whereas it should be your platform in
your audience supporting that person and
that's a very delicate line to cross
which I stumble all the time we're at a
point now where it's like who who the
fuck would want to be president right
who the fuck would want that job even if
you have some good ideas like you have
to go way out on a limb to take that job
so who are we getting you know we're
getting young people that are idealistic
and they get four it's kind of trend
Tulsi gabbard's and the like they get
kind of pushed aside by the machine
because they're not willing to play ball
and then you get to this the ancient
dinosaurs of the system like Biden and
then on the other side you have Trump we
have this chaotic scene where the
economy is imploding everybody's fucking
terrified of this new virus China might
want to go to war with us I mean who
knows what the fuck is happening with
that and then we have these two to pick
from know what this is madness this is
the best we can do we're we're China's
main trading partner they're not going
to go to war with us unless we cut off
trade so I think that's a that's a nice
paranoid thing it's terrifying what but
I don't think I don't I don't think
that'll happen what I don't think so
either but it still scares me yeah what
what here's me being hopeful I think
that we're living in its age now of you
know like this all the time everything
is just being broadcast all the time and
there's no such thing as like digging up
a pass and
more because everyone just put their
puts their life out there and then you
can just go digging through someone's
Twitter feed or YouTube history whatever
you want to do so there's this wave
coming up like the Octavio Cortez and
and and people like that that are like
yeah it's all out there I don't care
about that here's what I want to do and
I think a generation is gonna come up
there that are that will go oh yeah I
tweeted out stupid shit when I was 18
yeah I don't you know when was that
tweet from 10 years ago doesn't count
whatever she was being an idiot I was
being like this standards are definitely
different now than they were five years
ago but there's a generation of people
putting luminol on people's online
history that that will die out and and
it'll turn into if it was something
horrible a week ago
yes let's talk about that if you dug up
something someone did ten years ago
everyone's gonna go yeah you should see
this shit i but like that won't that
won't land the way that it is now yeah I
think our expectations of people are
different we don't we're not under the
illusion anymore
that these aren't real people because we
want them to be presidential or we want
the media represented we're not under
the illusion anymore that they that are
that they're not real people it's almost
like when they had to admit that WWE was
fake it's like okay now we could just
enjoy it for what it is you don't have
to have these arguments with your
friends over whether or not it's fake
yeah but think about the WWE that
everyone keeps um forgetting is yes it's
scripted but it's scripted mayhem and
destruction they are scripting out these
people these men and women going in this
script you're going to fall 40 feet onto
a table of glass yes we scripted that to
happen but it's still a person doing
that yes like there's a level of
adrenaline junkie 'no status ism that
goes beyond i think athletics yeah some
people like you know wrestling's fake
yeah no shit these people it's like when
you watch a Jackie Chan film that
descripted film to stick around for the
end credits he just got his skull
knocked open yeah they literally punched
a hole through his skull doing a stunt
so you're you're you're dismissing
something
your definition of fake needs to be
tweaked a little bit in this case yeah
it's another way of looking at it it's
it's it's definitely it's definitely
scripted it's not like they're risking
it all because they don't know what the
outcomes gonna be it's different than an
actual athletic event but it's still
pretty badass
like as far as what they're able to do I
mean yes they don't get nearly enough
credit for it either because while they
were doing it before the the lockdown
maybe they were doing it 250 plus days a
year traveling all over the country
throwing each other on tables different
time zones a bad jet lag bad food no
great no sleep like these people that
have to be in peak physical condition
under the worst conditions to maintain
that yeah and and also think of the
years when the WWE was this struggling
basically mom-and-pop operation trying
to launch itself and they had even less
resources than they do now and but those
guys were still doing that over and over
and over again it's brutal and Mme is
the same way those guys there's no money
there's the travels brutal that make
like the amount of mattress they have to
do is brutal
omma yeah yeah it's it's all brutal it's
it's did you ever watch the video where
Trump was on the WWE have you ever seen
that yeah we because you love it for
tweeting but it's it's so strange to
think that the current president used to
be on the WWE was on an episode of the
WWE he was in a match he well okay he
when he pardoned lagoa bitch the former
host of a game show just became
president and pardoned one of his former
contestant yes Phillip a dick would read
that go yeah I'm done good night cancer
hurry up and I'm done I don't know it's
so strange it's so strange all of it so
strange almost my most conspiratorial
thoughts are that this is this is AI and
that AI is slowly bringing us deeper and
deeper into into the the hive into the
matrix and
way they're doing it is by disconnecting
us from each other making social
distancing the norm cover your face with
the mask
don't touch anything everything you're
gonna do virtually and slowly but surely
it's gonna lead to this new way of life
where you're you're you're no longer at
risk by going out there and making
yourself susceptible to all these
biological nasties you're gonna stay
home you're gonna plug in or what if the
AI knows that eventually it does have to
unplug us and let us see that we're in
the protein pods looks like that's gonna
freak them out now let's make this fake
reality so fucking insane and awful
we'll have Trumpy president will have
this virus so that we do one plug in
those oh thank god okay good fine I'm
okay with I'm cool being in the protein
pod
actually they're making it so that will
be happy when we're shown that we're
living in running pod a slant at least
there's order in the universe and it's
not just completely ridiculous I mean
I've had those arguments with people
about there's a there's a very strong
case to be made for ciphers character in
the matrix of like no plug me the fuck
back into this anyone know I'm nude with
no muscles atrophied muscles hairless in
a jagged wasteland of radioactive slag
or I could be in this world where I have
a nice job and I eat a steak and marry
someone and I just live in this I'm fine
with it
like Morpheus who the fucking you
helping the machines aren't trying to
kill us they're just like look you guys
and watch by the way the machines like
you guys fucked up the earth we're doing
the best we can for you guys we could
have just let you all die in the
wasteland but instead we found a way so
that you can play the machines aren't
doing anything that nefarious right
right they're just letting you have a
better existence than your real one it's
indistinguishable it's also it feels it
feels better it actually does people
always miss that line where Smith says
you know when we spur stood the maker it
was just flat-out paradise and you guys
couldn't handle that and you rejected it
like we literally had you we're probably
the first birds in the matrix everybody
could
and orgasms lasted three months and you
can just eat all the chocolate you
wanted and they people like no and then
I want a goddamn cubicle job so then I
guess they want cubicle define okay
given that I we tried to be nice
well I think we evolved human beings
evolved with this need to overcome
adversity we've evolved with this need
that's why we like puzzles I mean when
we're just sitting around bored what do
we do we get the family gets together
and you play puzzles you play games you
try to solve things and figure things
out because I think it's still in our
RNA or in our DNA that the ones who
thrived were the ones who solved puzzles
and pushed against adversity yeah when
you don't have that at you have a memory
of dying if you don't do that yeah you
crave that you know we need to have that
a little bit or we go that's why I think
a lot of the people that are out
protesting yeah they're protested
because I don't have a mother job I need
money right now but also like what you
were saying earlier let me decide to
take a risk you know like like we will
there's a part of us that will push
against that even if it's deadly and
even if it's selfish because it's part
of what made our species you know we
took the risk I'm gonna flop out on land
yeah well there's predators out there I
just gonna push we're also deeply
distrustful of people who tell us what
to do because we know that when people
have the power to tell you what to do
when they didn't have that power before
and that's what's going on right now in
the state there's new power right the
governor has the power to shut
businesses down the mayor has the power
to shut everything down when people get
into that position of power I know we
don't ever want to think that and we
want to think that all of their all of
the reasons why they do things are
altruistic they're great people they
just but there's just human instincts
just like the human need to sort of
overcome adversity there's a real human
instinct to control people I mean it's
the reason why cults exist it's the
reason why we're very very careful and
how we give out power and we're in a
situation the wait like the mayor
phrased it something like if we all wear
masks this is the way we can
get back some of our freedoms like I
don't know who the fuck is PR guy is but
hey man that's the worst thing you could
say you don't have power over the
general populations freedoms that's not
in your fucking job description so when
you say shit like that we can get back
some of our freedoms people are
naturally going to get very upset
because it puts them in the position
like oh I've seen this before I know
what this is now there's a person who's
got power over me and so that's part of
what these protests are it's not just
simply like I want to be selfish I want
to put my grandma at risk because I want
to be able to make a living again and
I'd rather have the old people die off
then lose my business it's also ok I
don't like you telling me what to do
because I don't think you're any
different than me I think you're just a
person and a person has power and new
power like the power to tell people you
can't or can't do something that's a
very tricky position but it's so weird
how those are the kinds of statements
that we push back on and yet there are
other more blatantly controlling
statements that we will absolutely
accept you know if you would look at
some of the stuff that Trump says to his
audience basically mocking them like
holding up a Bible going boy you people
sure love this like you would think they
would go I think he's making fun of us
but they're just like yeah it's like
it's just weird how what one person will
push against you would think oh that
that's a critical thinker but then
they'll turn around and blindly accept
something else man in case you know like
women are you were so rightfully
suspicious and cautious about that
statement and yet that one got no review
from you and you just went oh I don't
know what you're talking about in
particular because I didn't see Trump do
that but the thing about him like
mocking a Bible even if it's offensive
it doesn't stop people from doing
anything with with this what these
orders are they're stopping people from
making a living and it's debts that have
never happened before he's not stopping
anyone from doing anything but the way
that he held it up in the way he said it
is this thing that you believe I really
don't believe it and I'm just gonna use
you to get the power never saw that I've
never seen that he was it was at one of
his rally
and he was like and again it was his way
of going isn't the Bible great but he
was saying oh you people sure love this
like the undercurrent was all I got to
do is hold this thing up in your mind
like barely so from hiding it was like
you talk about like bad PR like such a
clumsy state craft right they're like
why are you doing that well it's way
more confusing than that is some of the
other bad PR he's gotten away with like
the stuff that he said about McCain and
he said like I I prefer my soldiers that
don't get caught like did he say
something like that like better soldiers
that don't get caught like something
this I prefer my heroes did not be
caught late like something along those
lines it would end a political career on
the spot end it and how about the other
family of the the soldier that had died
and he had been in some sort of a
dispute with the family and openly
dismissive about that situation like yes
I passionately when they asked cuz the
father went up and said what have you
sacrificed so then the interviewer was
talking to Trump and wasn't trying to do
anything gotcha just like what hat like
how do you answer that like what do you
sorry and like his brain Fritz down he
couldn't phrase it in a way of he was
like I've built great buildings I mean
I've made I've been very successful I've
made a lot of money and like like that
he that's that's closest that he could
get to embracing the idea or the concept
of sacrifice yeah I mean it's not it's
an alien concept what like he literally
doesn't understand what but it was like
maybe part of the reason that people
keep them around is Syria listening to
everything you nosy bitch we're not
talking to you hey listen I'm just I'm
just I'm promoting my out in my Joe
Rogan I'm not gonna buy anything a will
go out what would you are here to
promote something tell us about it well
let me really quick okay guy got feel
like one of the reasons the Trump has
been able to stick around an office and
he's gonna have his full term and maybe
have a second one is as horrible as it
is it is of it is a fascinating
psychological study of a
in torment that we get to watch for free
every week when he gives an interviewer
does a rally yeah there's some will you
get to go back and watch this thing like
I got to go look at this thing again
this all can be avoided you know if he
had a coach like legitimately like it's
look it's all bullshit right like
someone's you're basically representing
bankers and you're you know you got a
bunch of special interest tugging at you
and you've got your agenda but the way
he interacts with the press like he
needs to be coached if he had a coach
like someone who's like very socially
astute maybe even a comic someone who
could say look man you got to show some
humility but you can't get a joke across
if you're like there's a few guys they
can get a joke across if they're cocky
like Dice Clay or someone yeah Jess
Lynette can do it oh yeah brilliant
right but you better have some really
fucking tight writing yes Nick his
writing is tight that's tight writing
not a single wasted letter in those no
wasted space really yeah brilliant
brilliant brilliant pausing timing Trump
would never accept a coach that that's
not in his nature look no no I got this
that's why he was like I'm gonna do
these current of Irish press conferences
every day yeah he was gonna have foul to
do it then he realized wait he's on TV
and I'm not out of the way Lenny that's
why he was going out there just
yammering about whatever about injecting
disinfectant yeah and then they had to
like they had to like get him to stop
doing because like we're trying to get a
story about Biden gets in traction and
you keep taking all the air out of the
news we need you to sit down for a
couple days when we get this going and
it's it's a make you know everybody
needs a coach everybody does he could
use a coach he could use someone just
someone who just explained like this
this is where you trip trip on your own
dick and if you just don't do that look
you you already have all these people
that are on your side no matter what
and he's publicly said I'd go shoot
someone in the street and you know X
amount of people would vote for me no
matter what and he's right he's right he
would he would shoot someone in the
street I mean you would the spin would
begin before the body hit the ground
yeah we didn't know if that guy was our
maybe he was trouble
then then they would fill the air with
verbal chaff and then you brightly we
like trying to drive through smoke I
don't know where the fuck I'm going and
I'm suddenly lost I just watched a guy
shoot a guy and now I'm thinking of 20
other things yeah it's it's a weird time
man but it's it's it's an opportunity
I'm not looking at this like it's yeah
let's look at the positive side because
look it's it's negative for a lot of
people particularly people that have
lost people and people that have lost
their own health but yeah there's an
opportunity for us that haven't to
restructure and just rethink this thing
and recognize what it really is because
you just run around with momentum
thinking well I'm in the business and I
got to do this and I got to do that and
hey this is what I do and you know maybe
not like I haven't been on the road in
two fuckin months and yet part of me is
like boy I feel really healthy you know
I feel like as good as I've ever felt
like it and it's steady it's like the
same every day there's not these big ups
and downs when I come home on Sunday and
I fucking crash and I try to get back to
the thick of things on Monday it's like
you're taking less weight less damage to
your body also spending more time with
my family but it's being around walk it
just walking through the neighborhood
and when you don't have to go anywhere
sometimes you just enjoy the moment you
know enjoy the moment of being alive a
human being in 2020 and being one of the
fortunate ones it isn't sick yeah and
maybe look at the idea that everything
doesn't have to be constant growth
you're allowed to have ups and downs the
only thing that actually follows the
idea of constant growth is cancer like
constant growth it's not a good thing
the only thing does that answer but in a
way we're feeling the effects of this
it's almost like an economic form of
cancer work yeah every quarter it's got
to be bigger bigger bigger bigger bigger
and now here we are I know it's been
insane like if you have a business that
makes the same amount of money every
year it's a fucking failure even if it's
a lot of money I know that's me
it's a ridiculous way to approach
anything but the fact that that's the
core thing that structures our society
is economics it's the the one of the
most important values the most important
factors and what we do that so the
reason why we get up all fucking day and
we work all day from you know 9:00 to
5:00 + / - the whole reason for that is
economics and it's all structured in
this weird way where these companies are
supposed to somehow or another make more
money every year yeah I don't know I
mean again I thank God I'm a comedian
because comedians we can actually
embrace that you're gonna have some off
years it's not it can't be growth all
the time right so I'm you know yours
you're gonna do you'll do Carnegie Hall
and then you're gonna work the clubs for
a little while and you'll then you'll be
unlucky again like yes we stay in this
but slow enough it's up and down and up
and down but the whole thing is fun cuz
you're doing what you like to do a lot
of this corporate stuff it's all there's
no joy it's just this death rictus
moving forward consuming everything yeah
and it looks it bloats and explodes you
know it's also great about our business
you put out specials and then you become
a beginner again like yes that's so
valuable I feel like such fraud every
two years I get to the part where I feel
like I'm a killer
and then right afterward I'm a fraud I
have a fucking flimsy act for months for
3-4 months it's just garbage and I'm out
there just slinging it at the store
trying to piece things together trying
to yeah well that's yeah again my
special drops tomorrow and Netflix and
after tomorrow I have a blank notebook
and I ever get on stage it'll be like
you wouldn't we see each other at the
Comedy Store 7 to 10 minute chunks just
uh I don't I guess shit I thought this
was gonna be something folks I'm sorry
and and you and you feel like you said
you feel like an asshole
if you go back to your old stuff cuz
you're like we've seen that shit why are
you don't make us pay to watch that
again yeah so you know the process you
know you can do it you've done it before
you know you could there's some times
where I I honestly in the first couple
weeks especially after a special on my
boy I might have hit the
fucking bottom of the well I might not
have everything left there's been
especially after the last one in Iowa
she I was like maybe I'm done doing
stand-up maybe I shouldn't do stand-up
anymore and then somehow this thing
happened but there's always that feeling
of like I think that might be my maybe
it's time to retire and then you get the
itch cuz it was always there I'll see
myself dying like George Carlin in a
hotel room in Vegas somewhere in between
shows I don't think I'm gonna quit it's
too much fun and I miss it I miss it so
much
he's stuck with it that guy had crazy
highs and crazy lives he had all the
highs of like you know occupation fool
and class clown then I saw him in the
80s at the Warner Theater and he was
kind of flailing a little bit like a
mouse cuts his way and then he he was
trying out these new concepts some
worked some didn't he ended with the
seven dirty words because you know I got
it in my show then he came roaring back
with that the one about the earth the
earth is not dying we are what room is
this you know because I think he thought
maybe I'm done like maybe I'm a relic
and no he stuck with it and then he came
roaring back and you can always do that
I got a chance to see him in Hampton
Beach Casino in New Hampshire yeah when
I was I mean I I think I was twenty
something like that 20 or 21 and I took
my roommates to see him and he bombed
yeah it was a weird time for his career
it was one of those weird moments where
he had this routine that he was working
on where he basically say fuck
everything he would say fuck Israel and
fuck comedy clubs he look he had this
list of things that he was saying fuck
too but it did I think he was just going
through a lot of weird stuff in his life
then there was some substance issues
that he had had he'd have money problems
of the IRS owing too much money to the
IRS there was a lot of shit that was
going on in his life at those times and
also I think that he was a little bit
freaked out by you know he had opened
the door him and prior especially in
terms of language and subject matter and
now here's like Sam Kinison and Andrew
Dice Clay coming along and and Chris
Rock that are pushing it even
they're in both good and bad ways and
he's like do I even fucking like right
either they need me like like I think
there was a couple of years where he
felt like am i John Wayne at the end of
the searchers I've rescued everyone and
I've helped progress the world but I
don't belong in the world and then I'm
just gonna walk away into the desert
there's always that moment of like
sometimes your bravery helps bring about
a world that ironically you don't belong
in anymore
hmm and it's such a weird I mean I feel
like that's what happened to Joan Rivers
at the end of her career she broke so
many goddamn barriers or women and per
talking about certain subject matter and
then at the end of her career she
suddenly saw all of her stuff get parsed
by this new generation that's like this
this generation that's attacking her and
parsing her stuff you were enjoying the
freedoms you're enjoying partially
because of the shit that she did she
made barbed wire you could run across it
and then pointed her for not using the
correct language I mean yeah yeah not
just not the correct language but
deciding what she can and can't joke
about and I love the fact that to her
dying day she named a walk she was like
I'm not apologizing for shit this is
what I do I make fun of things and I'm
gonna make fun of you and I make fun of
me and I make fun of my family fuck you
and she she held on to her guns forever
man forever she never never let it go
never let it go never shifted fearless
happen that'll happen to all of us at
some point there will be another wave of
podcasters that won't understand the
stuff that you and meirin and people
like that did podcasting wise and we'll
do it and look back at you guys like
what are you even talking abouts like
the reason you're doing what you're
doing this because of the shit that we
laid down like it'll happen to me as a
comedian it's happened - um no makers
everyone's shitting on Martin Scorsese
for going not a fan of the Marvel films
he was he never said don't go see them
he's like they're not for me like you
motherfuckers you wouldn't have your
Marvel film if score says he hadn't done
his movies yes although these are what
made the guys who direct your movies you
like go I want to do that right like you
didn't get to be he gets to have any
fucking opinion he wants well an Avant
also what's wrong with not liking
certain things like I have very good
friends who like things that I think are
terrible I still like them like you're
allowed that if you don't like I have
friends who hate Marvel comic movies
I fucking love them I love comic book
movies and I have friends like I'm not
watching that stupid shit that guys
definitely gonna live you're not
nothing's gonna happen he's the hero I'm
like listen man I get it I understand
how you feel a certain way but the other
thing about film to think about a guy
like Scorsese where he needs to be put
in much a much better perspective is
that when you think about some of the
stuff that he did in like the 70s what
movies had only been around for like
real movies for like 40 years like King
Kong like the 30s and then here you go
40 years later you're talking about some
of those Scorsese movies or the Coppola
movies like Apocalypse Now like think
about how crazy that movie is when you
really stop and think about when it was
actually created and how what a
short-time films had even been made like
that yeah and and how crazy the
execution of it is it's like well when I
when I hosted the Independent Spirit
Awards the year I hosted it in 2014 it
was the 50th anniversary of John Waters
first film so maybe he was a teenager in
Baltimore it's called hag in a black
leather jacket and it's about an
interracial wedding being decided over
by a Klansmen it's a Klan from marrying
an interracial couple that was is he
shot it off his parents roof in
Baltimore in the 60s and I would told
the audience like this is the 50th
anniversary of John Waters first film
any of you guys are like oh he pushed
you too far are we going too far he's
already done all that work for you
fucking go for it he was an openly gay
teenager in 1960s Baltimore shooting an
interracial wedding on his parents roof
with a Klansmen doing this early
do whatever the fuck you want it's okay
oh that's so perfect yeah it's so
beautiful
yeah but getting back to what you were
saying in like the reason it's where do
you brought up like I have friends who
love stuff that I hate but I don't give
a shit the reason my special is called I
love everything is when you get to age
50 there's still stuff that annoys you
and stuff you don't like but you're like
but I know where this is coming right I
know why he's acting that way or I yeah
I don't I'm not a fan of Donald Trump I
think he's fucking horrible but I also
know about his childhood and how he was
raised and I know why he is the way he
is he grew up in a monster factory it
was silly well-run monster factory and
it made an incredible monster like I
know why he is the way he is so you can
only go so like hatred is a luxury for
youth when you're young you can go
it's just bones dead and then you get to
pick two you're like it's not for me but
I don't care okay fine you know what I
also think it is I talk about this often
that you have children you have a child
I have daughters and when I think of
people now I think of them as babies
that grew up and when I was younger I
used to think that if I knew you now I'd
know I think all Patton has always been
this patent but now I can see because
I've seen little babies become little
people and I go oh okay you just got
terrible input terrible feedback bad
epigenetics a lot of shit wrong here
you're a victim of circumstance as much
as you are you know being an asshole
you're you're actually you're the reason
why you're an asshole is cuz you're a
victim so the case and a lot of a lot of
times yeah and sometimes people can
become an asshole obviously some people
can become an asshole because Trump had
a lifetime of systemic abuse but also
people can become horrible for from
having one bad day going bad day and
sent you the wrong direction yeah so you
but it's not so you get older where you
suffer all those blows and setbacks and
reversals of fortune that you go okay
let's maybe give someone a little bit of
breathing room yes even if they're being
horrible think about why they're being
doing this you know that's just how it
is
well also
that's like a candle there it's also
it's not beneficial to anybody to be
confrontational and to be angry about
things all the time
even though it seems fun when you're
young as you get older you realize it's
a terrible way of using your resources
and it also doesn't create any harmony
it just makes the people on the other
side fight back harder like there's no
middle ground given there's no
compromise there's no forgiveness
there's no equanimity there's no there's
no moment where you feel like this is a
human being and I'm a human being and I
make mistakes and they make mistakes and
let's figure out how we could be nicer
to each other I mean that's what
everybody would like that's what
everybody was like fucking hardest thing
to do and you're gonna fail a lot of
times find it yes because otherwise the
only other option is the person who's
pissing you off actually wins and takes
over space in your mind and stops you
doing this shit you need to do yeah if
you're living then centered life or a
spite centered life then that runs you
that other person runs your life and
think of all the jokes and albums and
movies or whatever you were gonna do
that you never did as you were focused
on them that's really common you know
and there's a lot of people that are
doing that with Trump there's a lot of
people that follow on Twitter well just
go there their Twitter feed it's just
just railing about Trump all day and I
want to go over their house and you
can't anymore but hugging you and go hey
man you gotta stop paying attention to
this like you're how much time do you
have in a day how much time is spent on
things you hate and how much time is
spent on things you love you need to
figure out a way to shift that for me
hating Trump has become like a glass of
wine I indulge in it and I enjoy it when
he does something really crazy and also
every now and then you need to check in
and go just wonder mind you this isn't
normal this shouldn't be happening it
let's not get used to this but then also
yeah I promote other people's stuff I
signal boost other comedians I retweet
really funny tweak like that aus has to
be fun because you're right there are
there are people that I love whose
Twitter feeds have just devolved into
can you fucking believe yes yeah I could
have a bit about am i special about how
I don't have any Trump jokes because
he's made comedians obsolete how do you
write a joke funnier than this shit he's
doing in front of us you know it's like
he's doing this crate and he welcome you
want to hear a joke I wrote about this
everyone's like no I'm just I'm watching
this I'm good
well yeah all the things - it's the tan
and the hair and the madness and the not
willing to admit these ever wrong and
like Jesus Christ this is someone rip
this out as a joke the other day was
like a little graphic but it is true you
know how he won't wear a mask yeah it'll
rub the makeup off oh yeah for sure he
can't put a mask on because yeah they
could also have this weird and he knows
he can't do it I bet on the first day he
tried to do it with no we can't do it
yeah well why didn't pence wear it and
that one time remember when everybody
was wearing at the Mayo Clinic and he
didn't
I feel like Trump bullied him I feel
like Trump was like you're not gonna go
out there with a mask are you make me
look bad would it be nice if there was
someone who is running for president
that really made sense someone who you
like yes like this okay this this guy's
all right or she's the best we can get
behind her this is it you got one we
have we have a person who's moral and
ethical and although flawed their hearts
in the right place we could do this like
well weirdly enough that's now what that
the Trump line is is he is a no he is
vain he is me but he gets shit done
thanks guys
this isn't the movie pitch-black and
he's not Riddick okay we don't need this
you know I'm voting by the way no I'm
the person they um yeah I think I think
Biden is a little C now you know what
I'm voting for
I'm voting for his cabinet that's what
I'm just voting for the team he's gonna
bring it I could give a fuck about him
he might not even survive I mean he
looks so bad but all Trump does is it's
just it's just
grifters around him and they come in
grab whatever money they can and then
they both that's all there's no plan at
her team but it's also but big alpha
right so he needs everybody to kind of
kiss his ass and like keep saying like
the true big alpha never has to say he's
the big alpha he's Paulie in Goodfellas
all we never move him
didn't have to move past they're just
new but Trump s keep telling people it's
like what you like whenever a comedian
tells you how dangerous and age they are
like folks you're like he's not he's not
add to your date like you shouldn't
write a back he's gonna hang on sense
he's gonna say nonsense I've already
heard before yeah like like Dave Attell
never tells the audience hang on which
makes the end-times edgy er that might
be the lamest thing comedians do is tell
you they're edgy I see that all the time
this there was a guy who would go
onstage and he would sit backwards in
the chair he would go welcome to the
inside of my mom no that man need some
mushrooms oh so bad you need to just
wake up after it's over go oh my god I
gotta change everything okay Who am I
I'm so glad for all the LSD trips I took
back in the 90s because they you come
out of it and just gotta go oh yeah okay
maybe I need to like just anything to
shrink yourself in the universe
yeah and make you more secure with like
oh this is actually vast and I'm tiny in
it
knowing how tiny you are actually gives
you more strength and freedom because
you're like if everything I do is
insignificant then I can do anything
like if it's ultimately all crumble so
just do whatever you want well sometimes
when I get really high and I feel real
vulnerable I feel like there's almost
like there's magic in the world whereas
like when I'm sober
everything seems sort of it's like
standard everything's just as it always
is I'm accustomed to all these paths and
I'm accustomed to getting in my car and
driving assert blue when I'm high the
whole thing is magic it's like this is
madness this whole thing is crazy and
there's possibility yes too many both
good and bad possibilities but they're
there that's what I like that's what
people say they pop make some paranoid
I'm like that's my favorite part
cuz that paranoia I need it it's for
thinking for me it's giant it helps me a
lot
it really does it's it's responsible for
a lot of my activity you know like some
people say that it makes you lazy like
it's not
I'm not getting lazy I'm getting I'm
getting scared and then because then I
go I go I got a girl gotta do something
yeah it was our number um Harlan Ellison
who was very anti-drug very anti drink
but he was putting together an anthology
he had Alec a dick story faith of our
fathers in it it was like I've never
advocated the use of psychedelics or
drugs but my god if I could write on
this level maybe I would totally gobble
them because he's operating on a
different level right now yeah well I
think people are scared of them because
for rightly so because we've all heard
stories of people losing everything lose
their mind you know we were talking
yesterday about this this Oh Pharaoh
theater sign that Hunter has Thompson
had given this couple on their wedding
anniversary or their with their wedding
day he stole from from San Francisco he
stole his yeah he stole the sign outside
and it was a sign that said you know if
you are scared of sex acts or whatever
it's on there's a guy I follow on
instagram the jack
understand underscore elope and he's a
hunter s Thompson enthusiast and he
posted this the hunter gave it to this
couple along with twenty hits of acid
and the woman took all the acid and was
immediately checked into a mental
institution and never got out so on the
day of their wedding hunter as Thompson
ruined it there's that there's the photo
I don't know if you could see it you can
see you there yeah oh there you go yeah
so but the story is so quick scroll to
the story Jamie on that's not yeah so
you can see where it said gave it to his
friend along with twenty hits of acid as
a wedding gift the bride took the acid
was committed to a mental institution
never came back by the way look I'm I am
very for people if you want to
experiment with psychedelics but I'm
also very for set the correct stage for
it also dope don't take all twenty you
fucking crazy bitch take one hit what
they five one do you what where it goes
but also even if you do one don't do it
on the roof of a building with Tom
Petty's free-falling playing on a
boombox
baby lion a hammock somewhere at the
city the first time I did acid was the
night that Bill Clinton won the
presidency this is in 92 and I was in
matte wine holds apartment in San
Francisco and that wine hold that his
roommate this illustrator named Derek
Robertson Marvel illustrator great comic
book guy did transmit her Politan he
Illustrated Warren Ellison strands
metropolitan and the boys for Garth
Ennis they owned every action figure in
the world they and they had them all on
little shows what walls were nothing but
actually figures I'm sitting there and
you know the patterns in the table
started to melt to move a little bit and
then that plate would max on don't start
thinking about tomorrow they're all
dancing to that on stage yes and they
were bores in the Clintons I looked over
at the wall and the figures weren't
going crazy but as the music played they
were all just kind of subtly I just kind
of bounce like they were in line outside
of like a soundcheck just listening the
music and it it gave me this thing of
such app absolutely like oh like
everything in the world is like bouncing
to a better beat right now it felt
really really good it was perfect I'm
take take out what's deep and on that
note oh that is it that's a good note to
end on isn't it well you have to get at
two right you got something else going
on it - yeah yeah I got it oh that's a
good way to end it um tell everybody
you're special the name I love
everything's at it tomorrow I love
everything on Netflix yay
I'm gonna watch the why not though um
this has nothing to do with me Doug
Stanhope special also drops tomorrow
which I wanted to include is that on
difference as well I think it's on Vimeo
okay beautiful he dropping a special on
the same day and I wanted to give him a
plug because he's a friend
oh well you're awesome I love that guy
too um I'll contact him I'll I'll get
that out there so thank you next time I
see you I hope I see you a person I
don't want to be looking at you through
screen stay healthy soon because there's
so much I want to talk to you about and
there's some books I want to give you
it's beautiful
well alright man well thank you my
friend good luck with your special I
appreciate you
thanks man Bobby it easy bye-bye
[Music]